= Mogo: A Planet-Style Feed Aggregator

Mogo combines multiple news feeds (or feed topic searches) into a single web page view, much like a typical "Planet"-style feed aggregator. It's built in Ruby on top of Sinatra and DataMapper.

== Configuration

Dependencies and all configuration is done in <tt>environment.rb</tt>. Your database is also set up here. DataMapper will use sqlite3 by default. Tests use the sqlite3-memory adapter (no configuration needed).

== Getting Started

  rake db:migrate
  rake feeds:add URL=http://blog.zerosum.org/feed/atom.xml
  rake feeds:update
  ruby application.rb

== Adding Feeds

I'll add a web interface for this soon. In the meantime, run <tt>rake feeds:add</tt> and specify the feed URL you want to add as a parameter. Example:

  rake feeds:add URL=http://blog.zerosum.org/feed/atom.xml

== Status Updates

Run <tt>rake feeds:update</tt> to update the cached feeds. You can schedule this as a cron job to fire every few minutes if you like.

== Searching

We use Sphinx for full-text indexing and search. Therefore, you'll need to have it installed. You can find downloads and installation instructions at http://www.sphinxsearch.com.

To enable search in Mogo, set the option in <tt>environment.rb</tt>. Search is disabled by default. I've only tested search with MySQL, so set your database connection string to a MySQL database you'll create (default: 'mogo' with user 'root'). Feel free to tune the sample configuration provided in <tt>sphinx.conf</tt> to your taste. You probably won't want to use a passwordless root user in a production environment ;-).

Once that's done, go ahead and run the supplied Rake tasks to get up and running:

  rake sphinx:reindex      # update the search indexes; you'll probably want to schedule this periodically
  rake sphinx:search:start # start it up
  rake sphinx:search:stop  # shut it down

You should now be able to run <tt>application.rb</tt> and use the rudimentary search interface.
